 boost my phone to play spiderman.
 Take picture and send to Brooke.
 open the picture Brooke sent me.
 text Brooke.
 How are you?
 Open Snapchat.
 Eh Take a picture.
 Send it to Brooke.
 Eh open my picture gallery.
 Alright now open a browser.
 Go to slader dot com.
 Boost my phone so I can play spiderman.
 Take a picture and send it to Brooke.
 Um look up kinematic equations.
 Ok now open my calculator so I can plug in numbers.
 Um let me check the solutions online.
 Open the link Brooke sent me.
 Alright text Brooke.
 Love you.
 Alright now send her a picture.
 Alright check my emails.
 Alright cool. let's check my facebook messages.
 tell Brooke I can't talk right now.
 Alright. look up good restaurants in Oakland.
 send a link to Fuel and Fuddle to Brooke.
 call Brooke.
 call her cellphone.
 text her instead.
 Hey what are you doing?
 Text Steph.
 What's good?
 open the link.
 text pang.
 Could we get to CVS?
 Look up how to get to CVS.
 Alright send a picture to Brooke.
 take a picture.
 send it to Brooke.
 Snapchat!
 Snapchat Brooke.
 send her a picture of me. Take a picture on Snapchat.
 Alright now text her.
 What's up?
 Snapchat Brooke.
 Take a selfie.
 Alright now text her.
 Where will you be?
 Run Clean Master.
 Play CrossyRoad.
 Boost ram for CrossyRoad and play it.
 Play spiderman.
 Update Spiderman.
 Alright. look up the integral of one over the natural log of x.
 show me the graph of that function in WolframAlpha.
 look up what calculus apps are available.
 Download WolframAlpha WolframAlpha.
 download the highest rated apps on play store.
 Download the Flappy Bird while we were here. But download the highest rated calculus app on app store.
 text Brooke.
 Hey babe.
 send Brooke a selfie.
 Snapchat.
 Shazam the song playing right now.
 Download that song in. Download that song in the play store.
 Read it to me.
 alright. Look up Veltres' number in my contacts.
 Damn. Google Veltres on Google Chrome.
 Alright. Call that number then.
 Alright. Read it to me.
 Alright. Call Veltres.
 shit. look up Veltres' number and call it.
 look up twilight zone by golden earring.
 Play the music video on Youtube.
 song is sweet. download it from play store.
 listen to golden earring radio on iHeartRadio.
 play crossyroad with as much ram as possible.
 Read my emails for me.
 Open it up.
 That sounds boring. Take me there.
 Swag.
 give me the hottest game on the app store.
 Download that for me then.
 text Brooke for me.
 You're a poop head.
 text Ash for me.
 You are jackass.
 now call him.
 Can you call cellphone for me?
 text Brooke.
 are you free to talk right now?
 Alright well call her.
 Call her cellphone.
 open fitbit for me What time is it?
 Cool. How many steps do I have to take in an hour to get ten thousand?
 See how many steps Brooke has on fitbit.
 setup a group message for my family.
 Get on my level.
 Alright now see how many steps I have on fitbit.
 Text them again and say pick up their slack.
 tell my family to step up the game.
 Read it to me
 go check if he is lying.
 I have got to step my game up.
 look up the integral of show me a graph of the integral from 0 to 8 of x d x.
 Now calculate that for me in wolfram.
 Play play spiderman and make sure it doesn't lag on me.
 play spiderman and make sure it doesn't freeze.
 Alright email john and matt about civil engineering.
 Alright can you text john and ask for mike's email?
 Can you add that can you add his email to the email list?
 text Matt to check his email.
 Alright now check my email.
 Alright well read them to me.
 ask Ash if it's cool to call him.
 Call him then.
 His cellphone.
 send out a group message to Alex Brooke and Sean.
 Turn up on Friday.
 Send all of them a picture of the beer mountain.
 text Matt and John.
 Send me your data for the engineering project on email.
 Now open up my email.
 open up their attachments to see what they sent.
 text Brooke and tell her she is cute.
 now send her a selfie of me.
 Song sweet. What is it?
 Can you look that up for me?
 Take a picture of the wall.
 and send it to Brooke.
 look up snowboarding videos for me.
 Download the most popular one.
 tell me how many steps I got and then tell my parents how well I am doing.
 look up a best place to vacation and then send the top result to Brooke.
 Alright whats the highest rated game on the app store right now?
 Alright get that for me then open it up.
 send Brooke a text.
 How are you?
 Now snach-snapchat her a selfie of me.
 Tell my family to step their game up.
 Now see how many steps I actually have.
 See if Brooke texted me.
 Open it for me and what does it she say.
 Alright can you open that for me then.
 Tell her this video was sweet.
 How many steps do I have today?
 Aw nice tell my family they're sus.
 go to my google drive.
 go to my project folder and download the latest update from what my group posted.
 look up fancy state parks or fun state parks to visit to.
 send most visited link to Brooke.
 Now look up cheap hotel rates.
 Send the most popular again to Brooke.
 Send my logs to LACAS CMU
 Check my email from my groupmates for my civil project.
 Look up look up a picture of commonly used trusses.
 Now can you send that to my groupmates in gmail.
 lets play Crossyroad.
 Oh nice I got a high score. Take a screenshot of that.
 take me to slader dot com.
 Alright now open up my most recent picture from the gallery.
 Now let's go back to slader dot com.
 lets play some spiderman and make sure its the fastest possible.
 tell Brooke she's sus.
 Now see how many steps I have today.
 tell Brooke that this reminded me of her and then send her a snap of a picture I took.
 check my latest emails.
 now text Eloy and tell him that email was stupid.
 Snap a picture to my groupmates of our bridge.
 Now text them that they're beat.
 Now check gmail to see if they posted anything.
 see what the most efficient launcher apps are.
 Alright download that for me from the play store
 Now lets make that my default launcher.
 Let's see if there's an application uses my that will work as a lock screen.
 Oh can you download that for me then.
 Alright now lets open it and allow it to run.
 download AirBnB for me.
 Alright let's look up some of the most traveled places on it.
 Alright let's check the weather at those places.
 Alright lets see how long it takes to get to each of those places from here.
 Let's look up places to stay near Shennadoa on AirBnB.
 Let's see how long it takes to get there.
 Let's look up my favorited locations on AirBnB.
 Now tell Brooke to check this out.
 let's look up some pictures of Shenadoa.
 And send her the first one that comes up.
 Let's look up some cool pictures on fivehundredpx.
 that one looks cool set it as my wall paper.
 Let's look up my favorited places on AirBnB.
 Text Brooke that we should go there.
 Let's look at show me some pictures of Uwahorrie National Forest.
 And send her the first two.
 Now take a snapchat of the sky.
 And then tell her I miss her.
 text Brooke Peep this shit.
 Now look up thrasher magazine on youtube.
 And send her a link to the video.
 Then send her that first send her the links to the next couple videos too.
 alright let's look up some of the newest pictures on Fivehundredpx.
 Alright now open the most popular one and take a sceenshot of it for me.
 Alright now let's set that as my new wall paper.
 Look up Bobby Schmerda.
 open up the first music video link.
 That was sweet let's open up the next link for me.
 call Prather for me.
 Call his cellphone.
 shit text him that he's a bitch.
 ask Brooke if its cool to call her.
 What did it say. nice call Brooke then.
 Call her cellphone.
 lets look up some landscape pictures on fivehundredpx.
 where is this one from?
 What bus should I take from my current location to get back to CMU?
 Text Krista to tell her I'll be back to work soon.
 Text Kelly meet me outside i'll be back in a few minutes.
 Call Kelly.
 Work.
 Download Google Drive.
 open excel file Student List.
 Text Kelly to answer her phone.
 Call Kelly at work.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Krista.
 Upload picture to facebook.
 call Kelly at work.
 Open the link.
 Text Krista that's funny.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Chris at home.
 Attach first picture in gallery to text to Chris at home.
 Take picture.
 And text picture to Chris at Home.
 Take picture.
 Text to Krista at Home.
 View picture gallery.
 Exit gallery.
 And close camera.
 Open words with friends.
 Close words with friends and open Chrome.
 All words starting with z.
 close chrome open words with friends.
 Answer Call.
 End call.
 use lyft to check progress.
 open Lyft app.
 Confirm five dollar tip.
 View Call logs from yesterday.
 call the first number.
 text Chris were not going to pepboys.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Krista.
 Open Gallery.
 Text third picture to Chris at home.
 Take picture.
 Text to Krista at home.
 Take picture.
 Text to Chris at home.
 Open Netflix.
 Select Melrose Place.
 Season 2 Episode 1.
 Cast episode to living room tv.
 Text krista i'm watching Melrose place.
 Resume episode on netflix.
 Text krista this is funny.
 Resume episode of Netflix.
 open Lyft.
 view account for historical price.
 Open Gmail.
 View email from Lyft.
 View email labeled receipt .
 Read email.
 Close Email.
 Open Taxi Magic.
 View Account.
 View Historical Pricing.
 view receipt for last ride.
 Close Taximagic.
 open link.
 Close Chrome.
 Open IMBD.
 look up cast list for tv series Galavant.
 Text link to Krista.
 Open Gallery.
 Text first photo to krista.
 Group text Krista and Kelly at home.
 I'm on my way.
 Download a Hulu app from the Play Store.
 Open Hulu play first episode of the One Hundred.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Krista.
 No text.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Krista with no text.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text picture to Krista with a text "this is the error".
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text the picture to Krista without text.
 Read message.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text the picture to Krista with no text.
 Upload picture to Instagram.
 No text.
 Open picture in Instagram.
 close instagram
 Open contacts.
 View received calls.
 close phone.
 Open grooveip.
 View received calls.
 call second received call.
 Read text.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text Krista picture with a text 1991.
 Call home using skype.
 update apps on Google play.
 Open Gmail.
 Read message.
 Click Click the link to the doodle pool.
 put me down for Thursday at 4 o'clock.
 Add that reminder to my calendar.
 open the open the log.
 Send the recent logs to L A C S.
 update Google Play apps.
 Clear cache from Facebook.
 check my email.
 Read the read new messages.
 schedule me for Thursday at four o'clock. Set a reminder in my calendar and
 send a text message to 1231234567.
 Hey want to catch that movie on Saturday?
 Add 1231234567 to contacts.
 Mariana.
 Update apps on Google Play.
 Open Sonic Jump Fever.
 Close Sonic Jump Fever.
 Open Castle Clash.
 Close Castle Clash.
 Check my schedule for Thursday.
 Text Marla that I am free on Thursday for anything.
 If I am free on Thursday text Marla that I am free.
 update apps on Google Play.
 clear ... clear the cache and retry updating the apps.
 Update apps on Google Play.
 Clear cache for all my apps.
 Open my open Gmail.
 Is it from L A C S?
 Schedule me for Thursday at 4.
 Remind me that remind me of that event on Thursday.
 Update apps on Google play.
 Clear Cache.
 Check my Gmail.
 Is it from L A C S?
 follow the link to to the doodle and respond for 2:30 on Wednesday.
 Update apps on google play and clear cache.
 Check Gmail.
 Open up the email.
 Open up the link.
 Update Facebook on Google Play.
 Clear the cache and open up facebook.
 Open Gmail.
 Who's it from?
 Follow the link to the doodle poll and give me the options.
 Put me down for Thursday at five pm. Set a reminder on my calender and send logs for all previous dates up until yesterday.
 Update apps on google play and clear cache.
 Open up gmail.
 Is it from LACS?
 follow the link to the doodle poll and give me the options for dates.
 put me down for thursday at five pm and set a reminder on my calender.
 open up message.
 Text reply sorry I can't and add number to contacts.
 Update sonic jump fever and castle clash.
 Open sonic jump fever.
 Close sonic jump fever and open up castle clash.
 What hours am I free on for saturday?
 text Marla that I am free from one to five.
 Update apps on googleplay.
 clear cache and try updating again.
 Open up text messages.
 Open up message.
 Call Vocelli pizza using skype.
 Open up gmail.
 Whose it from?
 open the link in the email and give me the different dates available.
 Put me down for thursday at five pm and set a reminder on my calendar.
 Open up gmail.
 tell me who the message is from.
 Follow the link and give me options for the next date.
 Put me down for thursday at five pm and add that to my calendar.
 Connect to Amtrak wifi and open it. Open up to yahoo to check that it works.
 connect amtrak wifi and open up yahoo.
 clear cache and update all apps on googleplay.
 Clear cache and update all apps on googleplay.
 Clear cache and update all apps on googleplay.
 clear all facebook data and open up facebook.
 Check gmail.
 is it from LACS?
 follow the link to the doodle poll and tell me the options for scheduling a date.
 put me down five pm on thursday and set a reminder on my calendar.
 Check Gmail.
 Is it from LACS?
 Open the open the doodle poll.
 put me down for thursday at five pm and set a reminder on my calendar.
 Deactivate deskclock and open facebook.
 Read them to me in order please.
 reply Good Morning sweety hope your day is going well and send.
 look up estimated time remaining to Rochester Station.
 Ok please send a text message to Joelle informing her I will be arriving at that time.
 Alright while were waiting go ahead and open up chrome and lets browse 9gag for the rest of the time.
 can you read me any new emails I've recieved?
 What does he want to know?
 let him know I'll be there in about half an hour.
 just go ahead and reply by email.
 Ok it looks like I have a new text message coming in can you read that to me?
 Tell her I already told her I'd be there in 30 minutes.
 And continue browse where we left off in chrome.
 Can you tell me if i've recieved any more emails?
 And whats he want to know?
 Alright excellent any more emails?
 Alright are we get how much further till we arrive at rochester station?
 go ahead and continue browsing chrome were we left off.
 Can you check for any new facebook stories in my newsfeed?
 Go ahead and like his post.
 Any new emails?
 Go ahead read it.
 tell him im actually busy tonight I have plans with the family.
 And go ahead and continue browsing chrome.
 Ok go ahead and call Mom on her mobile please.
 Alright let's go ahead and try dad on his mobile then.
 can you check for any new facebook stories please?
 Alright any new emails?
 Alright what does he have to say?
 Alright just go ahead and reply and tell him "That sounds good".
 And just open up chrome and continue where we left off.
 computer use google image search to locate an image of Homer Simpson being bored.
 Ok can you show them to me.
 Alright I like the first one go ahead and send it to Joelle on facebook.
 computer are there any additional facebook messages or stories that have come in?
 Alright let's just continue browsing chrome then.
 Read it to me please.
 can you open up the calendar and check my availability for this week?
 Alright go and please let them know that.
 can you open chrome and google how to reset the oil on a twenty ten Honda Civic?
 Alright it looks like the first result is a youtube video go ahead and play that for me.
 open up maps and pull up the info page for Pittsburgh Elementary School.
 Is there a phone number listed?
 Go ahead and call it please.
 can you google the telephone number for Belleview Christian Church?
 Go ahead and show me the first one.
 Alright go ahead and open up google maps please.
 And open up the maps page for Belleview Christian Church at my current location.
 Ok call it please.
 can you please call Peter on their mobile phone?
 Now in the real thing no one picked up.
 Alright go ahead and text them that we're going to be closed today due to the weather.
 Alright just to be sure lets call them at home.
 can you look up the phone numbers for the school and make a phone call there please?
 open camera and take picture please.
 Can you open it in the gallery?
 open google maps please and find the nearest train station.
 and then can you look up the departures from that station?
 call mom please on mobile.
 hang up.
 Please text mom that we are about half way there.
 please check gmail and facebook for any new messages.
 Please read them to me.
 Go ahead and delete the email and open up the facebook article.
 please check for any new text messages.
 can you read it to me please?
 Alright go ahead and call him back.
 mobile.
 Umm please check for new emails.
 Can you read it to me please?
 what time?
 Ok go ahead and add that to my calendar. Let him know I'll be there.
 open camera please.
 Please take a picture of what I am looking at.
 Go ahead and open up the gallery. We'll need to crop it.
 four by six.
 can you tell me if I have a new facebook information or any new emails?
 Can you read it to me please.
 Can you reply and tell him i'll be there.
 check for new text messages please.
 Alright what's she have to say.
 Alright go ahead and call her back please.
 Mobile.
 Open google docs please.
 access work folder.
 And open the most recent document I have in there please.
 take picture please.
 And send to Sean via MMS to his cellphone with the caption "lolz".
 take a picture of what I'm looking at and send it to Joelle please.
 say I thought you would laugh when you see this.
 Can you read it to me please?
 Call her back so I can tell her I see her all the time please.
 On Mobile.
 do I have any new messages from my friends?
 Alright what's he have to say?
 Ok go into my memes folder and send him the latest funny cat picture.
 Alright while were there go ahead and post that to facebook.
 Alright open trivia crack please.
 tell me the results of my game with Sara.
 Ok post on facebook and say shes a filthy liar.
 open PNC mobile please.
 Ok I need to remote deposit this check.
 Alright and then just bring up my balance to make sure it actually went in.
 How much do I have in there?
 please find any friends available to play trivia crack.
 Alright challlenge her and tell her that i'm going to kick her butt this time.
 can you google pittburgh theater and find when the play Gypsy is going to be in town?
 Alright do they have any friday availabilities?
 Alright will you put a note in my google calendar reminding me to get tickets for that date and time?
 can you check facebook for anyone using trivia crack?
 Alright go ahead and challenge her and while you're at it let me know if I have any new posts.
 Ok what's it say?
 can you take a picture of what I'm look at please.
 And then crop it to four by six remove about twenty percent of the periphery.
 Ok show me what does that look like?
 That looks good.
 can you tell me how many calories I burned on this here walk?
 haha go ahead and while were at can you tell me if I have any new emails or facebook?
 Open please.
 Go ahead and delete that.
 please send the most recent picture to Joelle on her cellphone.
 Oh boy can you generate an inappropriate joke for me to go with this picture?
 open up the todaytix app please and let me know the cheapest tickets for on the town.
 Alright what theatre is that playing at in New York?
 Alright and what's the nearest subway that'll get me there?
 can you tell me my current balance in my spend account in pnc?
 And how much is my credit card bill?
 Alright go ahead and pay off the credit card bill in full.
 can you open the CMU android tracker please?
 Alright go ahead and send these nerds all of my outstanding logs.
 Turn off the alarm clock please.
 Do I have any new facebooks emails texts anything like that?
 Ok tell me what it says please.
 go ahead and like that please.
 can you look up in my email information for the upcoming south west flight for Rick Weiss?
 go ahead and send him the confirmation number and the flight number please.
 Text message.
 Alright and also send a text message telling him he needs to use the southwest app to check in using that information before he gets to the airport.
 Turn off alarm.
 Turn off alarm.
 Open iHeartRadio.
 Close iHeartRadio.
 Open Google Play Music.
 Play Goldfrapp.
 Open Motorola email.
 Open Gmail.
 Open Motorola email and Gmail.
 Connect to CMU Wifi.
 Open Google Chrome.
 Connect to CMU Wifi and open Google Chrome.
 Open Gmail and Motorola email.
 Open Gmail.
 Download document.
 Call mom.
 Mobile.
 Look up location of Veltre's pizza and call.
 Open tv guide app and nhl app.
 Look up the time and station for the penguins game.
 Take picture and call People's natural gas.
 Take picture. Open photo in gallery.
 Call Mom.
 Mobile.
 Call mom.
 Yes.
 Look up location of Tunnel of Suds carwash and navigate.
 Call mom on cellphone.
 Call mom at home.
 open email.
 Go to Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh app.
 Open my account.
 Renew Harry Potter.
 Open google play store and update any apps.
 Connect to wifi.
 Open google play store and update any apps.
 Turn off alarm.
 Open iHeartRadio.
 Close iHeartRadio.
 Open Google play music and play Goldfrapp.
 Open motorola email and then open google open gmail.
 Open solitaire.
 Close solitaire.
 Open flow.
 Turn off alarm.
 Connect to CMU guest wifi and then open Google Chrome.
 Open gmail and then open motorola email.
 Open gmail. Open motorola email.
 Open gmail.
 Open message and download attached document.
 Call mom.
 Mobile.
 Open google maps and look up Veltre's Pizza.
 Call Veltre's Pizza.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Call people's natural gas.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Open the gallery.
 Open google maps and look look up Tunnel of Suds carwash.
 Open chrome and go to Tunnel of Suds carwash website.
 Navigate to Tunnel of Suds carwash.
 Open google maps and locate Tunnel of Suds carwash and then go to the website.
 Navigate to Tunnel of Suds.
 Open google calendar and then call mom.
 Mobile.
 Open google play store and update any apps.
 Connect to wifi.
 one.
 Open google play store and update any apps.
 Please open the snap application.
 Please open the shopping list application.
 Thank you. Can you open up the calculator application?
 Make a shopping list and budget for the week based on the sales.
 Please make a shopping list and price budget based on whatever can cost.
 Thank you.
 Please open up the receipthog app.
 Thank you. Can you open up the snap application please?
 Please look at the food sales based on the grocery list app you opened up before.
 Please open up the blackboard software for
 Please open up the homework assignment.
 Ok please download the homework assignment so I can read them.
 Bring up the cricket Bill payment application.
 Please pay the bill my credit card information is stored in there already.
 Thank you.
 Can you please bring up the app trailers app please?
 Please put the funny dog ones on for my son Raymond.
 Alright can you please open the flipboard and read the news application?
 The story about Niagra Falls freezing over please.
 Can you please send the logs for the study through gmail?
 Thank you.
 Can you please call Rays mobile phone asking him if he wants to do supper?
 Ok can you please send Rays mobile phone a text saying 'Do you want to eat dinner'?
 Please call Angela to ask her if she would like to go out to eat.
 Call Angela mobile please.
 Ok can you please send angela a text message saying do you want to go out to eat?
 Alright can you please call the port authority work number and ask them whats happening to my bus?
 Can you please open up the Uber application and request a ride?
 Can you please open up the receipthog application?
 Can you please take a picture of the Giant Eagle receipt.
 Please open up a text message. My son's name is Chris. Can you send Chris a message that I'm about to go to his friend Tom's house and pick him up?
 No response. So can you open up facebook please?
 Please message son Chris to say "It's time to go home I'm picking you up. Please put down the video game".
 Please text Chris one more time i am on my way to pick you up
 Alright please open up facebook.
 Please click on link on facebook about the upcoming severe cold temperatures and its going to open up chrome.
 Please open up bitstrips.
 Please post the cartoon about fat tuesday thank you using chrome.
 Please call Pamela's diner and see what the wait time is.
 Cool please call Micheals Diner cause I don't want to wait and ask what the wait time is.
 Ok please call Alleghany Avenue Wendys to see if there is a long wait.
 Can you please open up the Bitstrips facebook comic application?
 Can you please post a cartoon?
 Please post a Mardi Gras cartoon about eating certain lent foods.
 Ok. Can you please open up facebook?
 Cool. Can you open up the article please?
 Please read the article.
 Open up facebook please.
 Please read notification.
 Can you please open up the link of the emergency prepareness topic?
 Please read link. Please read article.
 Cool. Can you please open up facebook?
 Can you get notification read please?
 Please download and update emergency applications.
 Ok please open up downloaded apps and review.
 Ok. Please open up app pdanet.
 Please enable wifi hotspot through phone.
 please open up wifi hotspot.
 Thank you. Please tether phone to my laptop.
 Go to blackboard website please.
 Thanks. Please go to Health Information Technology class open up homework assignment for the week of March the second through the 8th.
 Determine if I have any paper due this week please.
 Ok download homework so I can read about it and make a print.
 Please open up facebook.
 Please read the notification.
 Please open up link.
 Please read article.
 Thank you.
 What's the nearest hospital?
 Where is that on the map?
 Text Lora that we're going there.
 Check the facebook notifications.
 Search for bars near Squirrel Hill.
 Where is that?
 Check facebook notifications.
 Ok. Look for bars near by Squirrel Hill.
 Where is that on the map?
 Great. Go back post comment on facebook.
 We should go to silky's.
 Pull up calendar from September.
 Add ten hours plus ten hours plus eight hours plus six hours.
 Bring up facebook bring up calendar again for October.
 Add ten hours plus ten hours plus nine hours plus six hours.
 Bring up calendar again.
 Add ten hours plus ten hours plus ten hours.
 Check facebook chat notifications.
 Open the Youtube link.
 Tell Sara it's a good video.
 Open the camera to take a picture.
 Send it to my housemates.
 Sam Rachel Lora and Melissa.
 Open Google Play store.
 Download overdrive media console.
 Open audio book the golden compass.
 Set a timer for one hour.
 Open camera.
 take a photo of the screen.
 Turn on the wifi.
 Setup remote access.
 Turn on the mobile hotspot.
 Answer phone.
 End call.
 Telephone doctor caesarea in forest hills.
 End call.
 Telephone Shelly at her home number.
 Telephone Melissa at home.
 Open up email.
 Email Melissa at Pitt.
 We are on our way. We will be there in five minutes.
 Telephone Melissa's cellphone.
 Ok end call. Open up email.
 Email Melissa at gmail.
 We will be coming to pick you up. We will be there in five minutes.
 Close contacts.
 Close email.
 Open up voice note.
 name of it. I will give you the name of the song. It's in G. It's called forth of July.
 Open the message.
 Ok reply to the message.
 I have your gloves.
 Open up a phone call to Melissa.
 Use her mobile.
 Open the email message and read it.
 Excellent. Open up the open up the message.
 Call Melissa at home.
 Hi Melissa I wanted to know if you needed a ride into work I'll try you on text hanging up.
 Send Melissa a text message.
 Hey Melissa I'm on my way into work need a ride?
 Open the weather app.
 Show me the extended forcast.
 Open the message from Greg.
 Copy the Addr- copy the text 37070 Bainbridge Road Solon Ohio.
 Open up the map application google maps.
 Navigate to that address.
 Ok Open the Music app.
 show me playlist.
 OK open up chrome.
 Search for spotify and download it.
 Ok open spotify.
 Search for Traditional music.
 Search for more traditional music.
 Search for Bal Folk.
 Close spotify.
 Check email.
 send an email to Soloman Douglas.
 Whats happening with the drums.
 Open up a phone call to Soloman.
 His Cellphone.
 Please give Corrine a phone call and let her know I'm on I'm coming but also set the car to navigate to her house.
 Open up a text message to David Adamson.
 Let him know I am on my way to come get the key.
 Also open up a navigation. Navigate to his house.
 Navigate to the other David's house David Adamson.
 Navigate me to carnegie mellon umm campus uhh how about on tech street. Give me the fastest route.
 Please call Joe Foreman.
 use his mobile.
 Navigate to Sarah Jackson Black Community Center in Swissvale.
 Ok also call Alex.
 home phone.
 Do you mind checking my two yahoo accounts for me?
 do you mind checking my two gmail accounts for me again please?
 Can you please open up my two yahoo accounts and check them for me please?
 Could you open up the settings and turn down my screen brightness at twenty percent and also open up the juice defender app for me?
 Could you open up my Suicide Silence playlist and also start my stopwatch app.
 And whenever I scream out lap make sure to hit the button to get the time on that.
 Could you open up my Suicide Silence playlist and also the stopwatch app?
 Could you check my email account using chrome and also the account linked to my phone as well?
 Could you start my stop watch on the phone and also bring up the fall of troy playlist on spotify?
 Ok could you send the data to LACS from the android logger? And also could you sign me up for?
 Could you fill the 12 pm on Wednesday slot for me?
 Yeah could you open both of my yahoo accounts one linked to my phone and also the one via chrome?
 Ok can you open both of my gmail accounts one linked to my phone and also the one through chrome?
 Can you send my latest logs to LACS and also check my yahoo account for me via chrome?
 Open gallery and look at pictures taken yesterday.
 Select third picture.
 Open whatsapp.
 Click on conversation with Jenny.
 Attach this picture file and send.
 Open whatsapp and find conversation with Harshit.
 Search conversation with Harshit for word Tumblr spell T-U-M-B-L-R.
 Read next three posts after.
 Find recent facebook posts from Jenny.
 Find most recent post should say Women in Business in the title.
 Open gallery and find pictures from Sunday.
 Find first picture taken on Sunday morning.
 Attach attach picture to Whatsapp message.
 Harshit.
 Search for shadyside AAA.
 Open address in the maps and search for direction from my location.
 Message Alok about the lunch plans.
 Tell him I will be there soon.
 Search previous messages for an address.
 It should say Northumberland in the title.
 Find one that has number in it.
 Open this in maps.
 From my location.
 Open facebook.
 Read me first two stories.
 Open the second story.
 Open facebook.
 Check first two posts from jenny.
 Read the first two stories from my newsfeed.
 Open the first story.
 Open facebook.
 Read first three posts.
 Read first two news stories.
 Open the first story.
 Open Facebook.
 read first three new stories.
 Open link about deforestation.
 Go back to facebook.
 Share link about deforestation put in caption "o m g what w t f question mark question mark smiley face hashtag oh no".
 Open Facebook.
 Read me first three stories from my newsfeed.
 Open story about stealers.
 Open Facebook.
 Read me the first three headlines from my feed.
 Open the third headline.
 Go back to facebook.
 Share post about patriots add the caption "Haha I told you so".
 Open poshmark app.
 Go to my profiles.
 click on sell button.
 Open camera.
 Save picture to new post.
 Type caption "Brand new dress new with tags thirty dollars".
 Open facebook.
 What are my notifications?
 Open the story in facebook read full headline.
 Is this from the Onion?
 Open this link in new tab.
 Open Poshmark app.
 Go to my profile.
 Click on the Sell button.
 Open my Click the button that says existing picture.
 And open the gallery to choose the gallery.
 Choose the third picture taken yesterday.
 Add caption "gently worn dress fifty percent off fifteen dollars".
 Open email.
 Open doodle in chrome.
 what is the name of the pool?
 What are the days that are open?
 Click yes and write my name in.
 Open whatsapp converastions with Jenny.
 Tell her that I would I am free at 8 pm to talk.
 Open my alarm.
 I need an alarm for 8 pm tomorrow.
 Open Whatsapp.
 Open conversations with Harshit.
 I want to attach a file from my gallery.
 Of the photos taken yesterday show me all photos taken between five and six in the evening.
 The third one.
 Open poshmark.
 Go to my profile and my sales.
 click on offer from person about the pink dress.
 How much is she offering?
 accept.
 Open whatsapp.
 Jenny.
 Tell her thank you so much for telling me about poshmark. I just sold a dress for two hundred bucks I paid six for it.
 Snooze.
 Snooze for ten more minutes.
 Snooze for five more minutes.
 Open weather.
 What does the weather look like today?
 Open gmail.
 Is it from myself?
 Open it.
 Retry.
 Retry opening.
 Download image attachment.
 Open gallery.
 Find picture that was just downloaded.
 Go back to gmail.
 Try downloading it again.
 Open documents.
 Look for it there.
 Open open the picture.
 Open Gmail.
 is the message from myself?
 Open message.
 Download image attachment.
 Check for it in documents.
 Check for it in gallery.
 Go back to Gmail.
 Try and download it again.
 Open is it open in gallery.
 Attach try Share it.
 Whatsapp.
 Send it to Jenny.
 Send it also to Harshit with the caption "Look what I made for Jenny isn't it funny".
 Open Gallery and go to all the pictures I took in the last hour.
 post the first picture to facebook please and put the caption "this is my party face".
 Dismiss. Open my gallery and go to my picture of schedule.
 Under Monday see whose name shows up.
 What time is listed underneath it?
 Perfect.
 search on Youtube of funny ... what does the fox say.
 Share this video with Harshit on Whatsapp caption "what the f is this".
 I want to share the video "what does the fox say" with my friend Harshit on Whatsapp. Please do that and caption it "what is this".
 Snooze. check the picture I took of the schedule and tell me when I work today.
 Tell me who else works that day.
 tell me what the weather is gonna be like today.
 What is the windchill factor?
 What are they?
 put all three of them into a facebook group so I can talk to them at once and ask them all to split the difference and to meet at 6:30 on Saturday. Also message Jamie on Whatsapp and ask her if she can come at 6:30 on Saturday as well.
 message Harshit. Ask him if he is free right now to talk. I really need to talk to him.
 call him over Google Hangouts.
 ask Jenny if she is free to talk right now.
 Call her.
 Cellphone.
 Snooze. What's the weather gonna be like for today?
 What's that in Fahrenheit?
 Ok.
 message Harshit and ask him if he is free to talk yet.
 Call him please.
 On Google Hangouts.
 What is it?
 look up emails from the same person and find the contact number for her.
 Call them.
 What is it?
 post about this on facebook write "Just received an email from Allan Lumba" in parenthesis falls over.
 message Jenny on Whatsapp and ask her if she is free now.
 Call Jenny.
 Her cellphone.
 Snooze.
 What are my notifications for today?
 Who's the message from?
 What does it say?
 And the email?
 What time is it?
 Message harshit on whatsapp and ask him if he wants to talk on the phone now.
 Call him via hangouts.
 Put up the photo that I took that is taken of me bungee jumping as my new cover photo.
 Message Harshit on whatsapp and ask him if he is free to talk right now.
 Call him via hangouts.
 Dismiss alarm.
 What are my notifications from last night?
 From who?
 What does she say?
 What time is it?
 Can you whatsapp her and tell her that I am not scheduled to work until 9?
 What are the first three stories on facebook?
 click on baseball season.
 What new emails do I have?
 What does it say?
 If there's one for Wednesday at 2 o' clock sign me up for it.
 Is there a Wednesday at 3 o' clock?
 Is there an opening for Thursday morning?
 What time?
 Schedule me for that.
 Dismiss alarm.
 What are my notifications?
 What is it?
 Search directions from my hotel to University of Pennsylvania and tell me how long it's gonna take me to walk there?
 Find the selfie that I took in the hotel bathroom and post it to facebook with the caption "look where I am".
 Snooze.
 What are my notification from overnight?
 What does it say?
 Ok could you email my the perspective the graduate coordinator and let her know that I will be late?
 Check how much it would cost to take an Uber from the pittsburgh amtrak station to my home in regent square.
 Text message matt via yahoo messager and ask him if he could please pick me up.
 Message Harshit and tell him that I really need to talk to him. Is him free?
 Answer.
 Dismiss alarm.
 What's the weather gonna be like today?
 Do I have any notifications from last night?
 Who's it from?
 What does she say?
 can you post on facebook oops I was late and she will see that I was feel bad.
 Find the picture the selfie I took of myself by the ocean in San Diego and send it to my friend Jen with the caption "look where I was ha ha ha".
 What are the first few items on my facebook feed?
 Open that one.
 Ok open up Gmail.
 Search for Belvederes bar that was in the email.
 Open up dlisted dot com.
 Open funny cat video on dlisted.
 Open up Radar dot com on Chrome.
 Open funny dog video.
 Switch switch back to browser.
 go back to Radar dot com.
 Open up browser and search for UPMC Presbyterian.
 Get directions to UPMC Presbyterian.
 Look for bus times on browser.
 Open up messaging.
 Text message Scott.
 Attach image.
 Funny cat.
 Call Scott cell.
 end call.
 Text Scott cell.
 I am here.
 Text Scott.
 Where will you be to pick me up?
 Call Scott.
 Call Scott cell.
 Open Youtube.
 Search funny baby.
 Open funny baby article on website.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Text message Scott.
 Attach picture.
 Funny cat.
 Open dlisted dot com.
 Open settings and turn off wifi.
 Go back to browser and dlisted dot com.
 Ignore connection optimizer. Close connection optimizer.
 Return to Browser dlisted dot com.
 Open settings and turn on wifi.
 Open browser.
 dlisted dot com.
 Open Browser to google dot com.
 Open Android Browser to google dot com Chrome Browser to google dot com.
 Open Android Browser.
 Radar dot com.
 Open link to music video on radar dot com.
 Return to browser Radar dot com.
 Compose text message.
 How are you today?
 Scott.
 Call Scott cell.
 He didn't pick up so text Scott Cell.
 Where are you?
 Open settings turn off wifi.
 Open browser to radar dot com.
 Open text messages.
 Open browser to Ikea dot com.
 Reply to text message.
 How are you?
 Switch back to browser Ikea website.
 Open Ikea dot com on browser.
 Open settings and turn off wifi.
 Go back to browser Ikea dot com.
 Close connections optimizer.
 Open settings and turn off wifi.
 Open browser to Ikea dot com.
 Open browser to Ikea dot com.
 Open a new tab on Ikea dot com.
 Ikea cabinets.
 Open calculator app.
 Cabinet price twenty dollars plus a hundred and fifty dollars.
 Open browser to Ikea dot com.
 Open text messages.
 Scott.
 Where are you?
 Call Scott cell.
 Open contacts.
 Op Open Ikea dot com in browser.
 Search for cabinet manual on Ikea dot com.
 Download PDF of manual onto docs.
 Call Scotts Cell.
 Text Scott.
 I am finished.
 Open camera.
 Select funny cat picture.
 Attach to text message for Scott.
 Look at the cat haha.
 Dlisted dot com.
 Select snowman video link.
 Open using youtube.
 Alright Now the video is over close youtube.
 Return to dlisted on the browser.
 Open gmail.
 open new message.
 click on link. open in browser.
 return to gmail.
 open other link in browser.
 Open Gmail.
 View message.
 Download document.
 View Document.
 Return to Gmail.
 Open calculator.
 Three hundred and eighty four point five times eight.
 Open camera.
 Take picture of item.
 Take another picture of item.
 Open Camera.
 Take picture of view from window.
 Attach to text message for scott.
 The weather stinks.
 Compose message for Jackie.
 Attach image from camera
 Old Building photo.
 I'd like to say in the message look at this old building.
 Open gmail.
 Open link for community program.
 Compose text message for Scott.
 Attach image of cat looking silly.
 Text check this out.
 Send message.
 Open reply from Scott.
 Attach different picture of cat.
 He is still silly.
 Open gmail.
 Click on link for next door website.
 Call my parents at home.
 Open Camera.
 Select picture of giant pizza.
 Attach to new text message for Jackie.
 Check out this crazy pizza.
 Open browser.
 Open settings to turn on wifi.
 Return to browser.
 Google dot com.
 Open browser.
 Turn on wifi with birdstep.
 Return to browser.
 Turn wifi on and off using birdstep.
 Return to browser.
 Dlisted dot com.
 Open dlisted dot com.
 Yes.
 Open Radar dot com using the android browser.
 Yes open with chrome.
 Open a new tab in chrome for Mad dot com.
 Open Mad dot come on android browser.
 Open with chrome.
 Open TMZ dot com using android browser.
 Open with Chrome.
 Open Gmail.
 Select link for nextdoor dot com
 Open Nextdoor dot com link in android browser.
 Open android settings.
 Turn off Wifi.
 Open browser to Ikea dot com.
 Compose picture message to Holly.
 Attach picture of spots caster.
 Do you remember this guy?
 Open Reply.
 I swipe to ignore.
 Open the voicemail app and check the message.
 Delete message.
 Ok open text message.
 Compose message to Scott.
 Do you have Oh sorry. Attach picture of book.
 Do you have this book already?
 Reply "I will get it for you".
 Open Android settings.
 Turn on Wifi.
 Open browser to Cracked dot com.
 Open maps and get bus directions to Troy Hill.
 Open browser to view Troy Hill information.
 Open Browser to grumpy cat dot com.
 Open settings.
 Turn Wifi on.
 Open browser to grumpy cat dot com.
 Open TMZ dot com using chrome.
 Open TMZ dot com using android browser.
 Open radar online using chrome.
 Open up camera.
 Select picture of Band.
 Compose Attach sorry Attach to text message to Scott.
 Look at this great picture.
 Open Dlisted dot com using chrome.
 Opening Dlisted dot com using android browser.
 Try to open Dlisted dot com using chrome again.
 Open settings.
 Turn off Wifi.
 Open Dlisted dot com using android browser.
 Open Dlisted dot com using Chrome.
 Open camera gallery.
 Select picture of mountain.
 Compose text message to Jackie.
 Is this by where you live?
 Attached attach picture of mountain to message.
 Open settings.
 Turn off Wifi.
 Open Ikea dot com using browser.
 Open new tab on android browser for dlisted dot com.
 Open dlisted dot com using chrome.
 open Gmail.
 Select link for nextdoor dot com and open in browser.
 Open settings.
 Turn off Wifi.
 Open Ikea dot com using browser.
 Open grumpycat dot com using browser.
 Open grumpycat dot com using chrome.
 Open camera gallery.
 Take picture of cat.
 Take another picture of cat.
 Compose text message and attach better picture of cat.
 Scott.
 What a funny face.
 Open facebook. When is Christmas party?
 Open calendar.
 Confirm time.
 Open gallery.
 Send picture one to Sabrina via text.
 Open text write what's up. Send.
 Open facebook.
 Open article on Internet Explorer.
 Open email.
 Open message from Applebee's.
 Click on schedule.
 Send text to Emily.
 I work tomorrow night.
 Open Pinterest.
 Look search chicken parmesan recipe.
 Open first recipe.
 Send message send text to Emily.
 Do you want chicken parmesan?
 Call Leslie.
 Mobile.
 Hang up. Send text.
 Call me back after 10. Going to work.
 Send ok. Open open photo gallery.
 Send first picture to Jason via text.
 Open camera.
 Take picture.
 Send picture in text message to Jason.
 Open Google Play and search task killer app.
 Open app. Kill apps.
 Can you open task killer and kill all the background apps?
 Take a photo and send to Jason in text.
 Can you google types of tires on mitsubishi and then pull up a video how to change the tire.
 Ok. Then text mom I don't know how.
 Check can you check my PNC account balance and see if I got the deposit for a hundred dollars?
 Ok text mom and tell her yes I got it.
 Can you call Shannon cell phone?
 text shannon and tell her I'll be there in ten minutes.
 Text Jason and ask him what movie he wants to get.
 check the redbox and see what new rentals are available.
 Let me see today's timehop pictures.
 Send the first one to Leslie in a text.
 look on the no look on nowait and see long it is for hofbrauhaus tonight.
 Text nikki and tell her fifteen minute wait.
 Look on my PNC account and see if the transfer was sent for five hundred to mom.
 Text mom and tell her yes it was sent.
 Let me see my the pictures I took today.
 Send picture send the first picture to Jason in text.
 Text Stacey and ask her what she wants for dinner.
 Open nowait app and see what the times are for the restaurants nearby.
 go to CMU cafeteria website and download the dinner menu.
 Go to the website for chart house.
 And then go on to the menu. Show me the dinner menu.
 Ok go on to nowait and see what the wait time is for chart house.
 Ok call chart house.
 I made a reservation so call salt grass.
 Call Grand Hyatt hotel in San Antonio.
 Open maps and put in the address five hundred grand street san antonio.
 Open instagram and add the photo I just took.
 Then send it to Jason in a text message.
 Look at the view.
 Umm open camera and take photo.
 Send via picture message to Emily cell.
 Wish you were here.
 Open camera and take photo.
 Send picture message to jason.
 Look at the sunset.
 Open timehop.
 Send picture from this day on last year to Ryan cell.
 Open bodybuilding.com app.
 Show me today's workout.
 Show me the video for squats.
 Ok go back to today's workout and then show me the video for arm cross.
 Open text from Leslie.
 Ok open dreammoods app and look up and type in ex boyfriend.
 Send explanation to Leslie in text.
 Open message.
 Ok open dreammoods and type in ex boyfriend and search.
 Send the result to Leslie in text.
 Open bodybuilding app.
 Show me today's workout.
 Ok show me the video for crunches.
 Ok go back to today's workout and show me the video for curls.
 Ok go back to today's workout and show me the video for squats.
 Go back to today's workout and show me the video for chest press.
 Take photo.
 edit photo.
 Crop to smaller size.
 Four by six.
 Open Amazon and search for Gone Girl.
 select the kindle copy and buy.
 Send the copy to Android phone.
 Open Kindle app. Download Gone Girl.
 Open Gmail.
 Ok follow the link.
 Now go to the play store and search for research data app.
 Download app to phone.
 Open on complete.
 Watching youtube kitty video on facebook and repost to Sally's page facebook.
 Go into my email looking for contact information for Uberzone dot com for Suzy post it on facebook.
 Camera take photo and post to my facebook account
 View photo gallery pull up photo Keep Calm and Watch the Chiefs lose.
 Post on facebook page.
 Send Stealer photo message to Marci Cellphone.
 Youtube videos happy birthday mice playing piano post to Sally's facebook page.
 Go to youtube happy birthday playlist select happy birthday mice playing piano and share to sallys facebook page.
 Posting on youtube i'm sorry posting on facebook Bill Peduto was on undercover boss.
 Sending text message to Suzy Melissa and Sally about Bill Peduto on tv.
 Go to youtube happy birthday playlists select happy birthday mice playing piano and share on Rus Connelly's facebook timeline.
 Photo gallery view photo gallery select photo of freezing man waiting for port authority bus post it to my timeline.
 Google Tv listings pittsburgh.
 Post Sirens photo on facebook page.
 Ok. Google Tv listings pittsburgh.
 Go into AOL tv listings.
 What time is Sirens on USA channel?
 Post to Calendar.
 Checking Chicago Fire air times on tv listings.
 Post Taylor Kinney photo to facebook timeline.
 Spotify go to favorites playlist.
 Spotify switch to David Cassidy playlist.
 311 Pittsburgh city services.
 Outgoing call 311.
 Camera taking photo.
 Gallery post fireman poster photo onto my facebook page.
 Spotify pull up favorite diamond rio one more day.
 Contacts look up Melissa cellphone.
 Send link to the song.
 Check emails.
 Ok open link to Buytopia.
 Post link to facebook link to buytopia shopping.
 going to my facebook page.
 check message.
 Follow link.
 Post to facebook.
 Ok check email messages from Ming.
 Ok create new message I'm sorry create new email.
 Email to Ming "updated schedule for meeting".
 Ok post new meeting date to calendar.
 android contacts look up Marci cellphone.
 Ok gallery.
 Find picture of gizmo.
 Ok poste gizmo's photo onto Marci's facebook page.
 Pull up android log app.
 Update and send to CMU.
 Ok create new memo note for new log.
 Weather app.
 Go to accuweather dot com.
 Check hourly weather.
 facebook check events.
 Ok youtube birthday videos.
 Ok post happy birthday ladies video to Beverly's facebook page.
 PSECU app.
 Log in. Check account balances.
 Ok contacts phone call PSECU office.
 Open facebook. Go to Jeff Potluck. Messenger. Ok look for phone number.
 Ok android contacts.
 Google Jeff Potluck.
 Follow white page's link for phone number.
 Ok call Jeff. Add to contacts.
 Google USPS. Downtown pittsburgh location.
 Screenshot.
 Ok follow maps link.
 Screenshot.
 Save both to notes.
 email.
 Ming's Email.
 Calendar.
 schedule schedule meeting thursday two pm cmu android study.
 Photo number fifty six of cashmire.
 post to android contacts Marcie cellphone.
 Facebook messages Marcie Pepper.
 Ok change lunch date from thursday to friday afternoon at noon.
 Send Marcie Message.
 Android app.
 Update and send via gmail to Ming.
 Shutdown Monitor.
 Umm Check emails.
 Follow amazon link.
 Calendar.
 Youtube Birthday messages.
 Post cats singing happy birthday to Melanie's facebook page.
 Weather App.
 Follow accuweather dot com link.
 Google two zero five nine second avenue.
 Ok umm click clip screen copy to memo and save.
 Contacts
 Melissa home address.
 Ok google melissa's address.
 Ok quick clip.
 Save map.
 Ok Weather app.
 Accuweather dot com link.
 Contacts.
 Call Duquense Light Business.
 Android log app.
 Update and send through gmail.
 Ok Memo app.
 Create log for tuesdays activities.
 Facebook.
 Melanie's posts.
 Screenshot penguin.
 Share to Susan Foremans facebook.
 Application weather link.
 Check accuweather dot com link.
 Weather app.
 Check accuweather dot com link.
 Android phone log app.
 Update yesterdays log and send via gmail.
 Ok memo app.
 Create new memo for todays log.
 Call Melissa home phone.
 Melissa cellphone text message.
 Hang up the phone and call me.
 Google ear infection symptoms.
 Select medfirst dot com link.
 Check check out symptoms.
 Copy this link and save to memo.
 Check emails.
 Select.
 Follow link.
 Fill out form with my current information. Address and phone number.
 Ok go back to email.
 Ok follow link to promo pon promo pro facebook page and like.
 Google Doctor Michelle Organist pittsburgh office.
 Select directions via bus routes.
 Select time table for fifty eight g greenfield leaving at nine thirty am.
 Ok screenshot.
 Save to notes. Memos.
 Umm Scroll through emails.
 Select Phone line links to jet blue travel site.
 Facebook gallery.
 Select rainbow butterfly unicorn kitten.
 Send to melissa via messanger.
 Weather app.
 Select accuweather dot com link.
 Android contacts select Marcie cellphone.
 Message photo of rainbow butterfly unicorn kitten from memo notes.
 Find the number for PNC Customer Service and call that number.
 Call that number again.
 Send message to Sohee.
 Say we need to make a reservation.
 Look up hotels in Las Vegas.
 Go to pnc dot com.
1234
 Open calculator.
 Add seven hundred minus two hundred.
 Send message to Sohee.
 We need to make a reservation.
 Go to expedia dot com.
 Look up hotels in Las Vegas near airport.
 The McCarran International Airport.
 Find the cheapest one.
 What is the price?
 Open calculator.
 Calculate seven hundred minus two hundred times 3.
 Call Lisa.
 Mobile.
 Call Hannah.
 Mobile.
 Send message to Hannah.
 Where are you?
 Go to blackboard and check if there is any new homeworks due this week.
 Open it.
 take take this photo and send to my friend Sohee.
 Say this is me in the lab.
 Google restaurants in las vegas.
 copy the list and send it to Sophie.
 Connect my phone to bluetooth speaker.
 And play music.
 Shuffle playlist.
 Look up the store hours of Ross Park Mall.
 What are the hours?
 Write that down in calendar.
 Go to photo album and choose the screenshot of the homework solution.
 Send it to Sophie via Kakaotalk.
 This is the solution.
 go to imdb dot com and see if there is any new movies.
 Which one is that?
 Write that down in calendar.
 go to ... go to ASOS dot com.
 Find flat jeans.
 buy the first one on the list.
 Go to email and check the receipt.
 google restaurants in pittsburgh.
 Ask Sean what he wants to eat.
 Look up seafood restaurants in pittsburgh.
 Copy the list and send it to Sean.
 Pay pay 10 dollars to Sophie on Venmo.
 Go to PNC dot com and check my account balance.
 Check the latest email.
 Click the tracking number in the email.
 Open it.
 Download the photo and open it.
 open homework for process control in blackboard.
 Open calculator and give me square root of seven.
 Go to blackboard and check for process control homeworks.
 Sign into dropbox dot com and download past homeworks.
 Send John to send me some papers via email.
 Open John's email.
 Open that document.
 Google gel electrophoresis.
 Check John's latest email.
 Look up copy the title of the paper in his email and google it.
 Open the latest email.
 Click the link.
 Go on to CMU blackboard.
 Check for homework for process control.
 Go to email and find an email from professor smith.
 Open the link.
 Open B612 app.
 Take a photo and check the photo on the album.
 Check for emails from spoon.
 Click for any links in the email.
 Go to google maps and find best route from cmu to spoon.
 Screenshot it.
 Open myverizon application and pay the total balance due.
 Open calculator and give me two hundred minus eighty.
 Text mom saying I paid the phone bill.
 Open the message.
 Open it.
 Copy the title of the video and look it up in my music directory.
 Google it using chrome.
 Go to blackboard and check for homeworks.
 Check when the home is due and write it down in calendar.
 Go to album and choose the fourth photo and send it to dad.
 Check for my grades for optimization class on blackboard.
 Send an email to professor schneider asking when the midterm grades are due.
 Turn on shuffle on music.
 Go to grooveshark dot com and find the latest album by eminem.
 Text sophie that we should go to spoon on Friday.
 Google spoon and go to the website to make a reservation.
 Mark the date of the reservation in calendar and check for emails.
 Open it.
 Find the application two dots and download it and open it.
 Find the application lyft. Download it and open it.
 Open it.
 Click the link.
 Open it.
 Open the video.
 Check the next ten day's weather in pittsburgh.
 Text derek that it's gonna be cold in pittsburgh and he should bring warm clothes.
 Log on to gmail using chrome.
 Open it.
 Find the tracking number in the email and click it.
 Check for new emails.
 Open it.
 Open calendar and mark the date and make a note to pick up the package.
 Mark Friday as my pay day on calendar.
 Calculate a hundred plus two hundred.
 go to pnc online and check how much I just spent at giant eagle.
 Request twenty five dollars from sohee on vemon.
 Open gallery and go to the album named b612.
 Take a another photo with that application.
 Open calendar and check what I have to do on Friday.
 Text sophie I have a few things to do on Friday.
 Go to calendar and copy all the list of things to do for Friday and then send the list to sohee sophie.
 Find the photo I took on Monday of an instrument setup.
 Go to email and find an email from John Goldman with the attachment of a photo.
 Open the photo.
 Play Music.
 Shuffle.
 Go to settings turn on bluetooth and connect to boss speaker.
 Go to settings turn on bluetooth and connect to LG headphone.
 And play music play Shuffle.
 Take a photo of this.
 Text Sophie that i'll be sending her my homework.
 Take another photo.
 Send it to Sophie and check the photo on my photo album.
 Send the next one to Sophie.
 Go to PNC dot com and check my balance.
 Calculate one hundred minus eighty.
 Go to PNC dot com again and check my most recent spending.
 Text John that I have something to show him.
 Go to google chrome and copy the URL.
 Paste it to Kakao talk and send it to John.
 Go to photo album and choose all the photos in the album spring break.
 Send them all via kakao talk.
 Send it to Sophie.
 Download all the photos she sent and open gallery.
 Open new email.
 Open the document.
 Open my photo album and choose the first photo in the album named me.
 Choose to send it by email to myself.
 Go to grubhub dot com and look up chinese food.
 Look up the phone number for china palace and call.
 Open Open the weather app and check this week's weather.
 Text Sophie that the weather is still bad.
 Open the email from Professor schneider.
 Go to blackboard dot com.
 Go to assignments folder and open the document labeled homework six.
 Go back to the email.
 Open music and shuffle playlist.
 Go to settings turn on blue tooth and connect to boss speaker.
 Open calendar app and see if there are any homeworks for process control thats due next week.
 Text sophie that we have homework for the course next week.
 Go to Blackboard and open the document that says group members.
 Text Sophie that the groups have been decided. And go back to the document on google chrome and take a screenshot and send it to Sohpie.
 Text Sophie that we should decide on a group meeting time.
 Mark it on calendar and then go to calendar yeah mark it on calendar.
 Open weather app and see what tomorrow's weather is like.
 Text Sophie that we should go shopping tomorrow.
 choose the first two photos in the screenshot album and send it to my sister.
 Google UPS stores Pittsburgh.
 Go to google maps and find the best way to get to UPS on Forbes Avenue.
 Open gmail up and look for an email from AirBnB.
 Copy the password in the email and go to AirBnB online and log in.
 Open the application.
